1.0-pre40:
	Handle flush expitiously on working requests (issue 49)
	Parse new TRENAMEAT and TUNLINKAT ops.
	Set O_NONBLOCK on fd passed to kernel client.
	Show additional information in dtop and fix dtop reconnect logic.
	Add ctl:zero, ctl:null synthetic files for testing.

1.0-pre39:
	Fix a null pointer deref regression introduced in 1.0-pre37.

1.0-pre38:
	Fix a compiler warning that prevented RPM from building.

1.0-pre37:
	Drop per-threadpool locks and support for flushing working requests.
	Fix numerous small coverity problems.

1.0-pre36:
	Undo workaround for issue 47.
	Fix numerous small coverity problems.

1.0-pre35:
	Never destroy tpools (temporary workaround for issue 47).
	lcreate and lopen return iounit = 0 instead of st_blksize.
	Fix flush test kern/t35 (issue 45)

1.0-pre34:
	Fix a missing Buildrequires for tcp_wrappers-devel in the spec file.

1.0-pre33:
	Add dtop monitoring tool.
	Fix deadlock when handling a P9_TFLUSH (issue 44).

1.0-pre32:
	Fix two places where thread pool lock could be taken twice.
	Rework 'tpools' synthetic file content.
	Test cleanup.

1.0-pre31:
	Remove 'threadmode' option and make threadmode=aname the default.
	Fix ignored open flags in create case (issue 43).
	Fix fsync returning EBADF on directory (issue 42).
	Override squashuser when euid != 0 (issue 41).
	Add --squashuser command line option.
	Improve test coverage.

1.0-pre30:
	Implement per-aname thread pools --threadmode=aname (issue 26).
	Provide diodcat defaults for host, aname, and file.
	Fix diodcat segfault when file does not exist.
	Normalize logged errors in diod operation handlers.
	Export more performance data via ctl interface.
	Cleanup.

1.0-pre29:
	Fix uninitialized aname in diodmount (regression from pre28).
	Clunk afid if diodmount attach fails
	Mount synthetic file system as 'ctl' rather than nil aname (issue 38).
	Implement ctl/exports file and have auto.diod script use it.
	On SIGHUP config reload, reset before reading config file value.

1.0-pre28:
	Rewrite npfile code and added some synthetic files for monitoring.
	Don't setfsgid to gid outside of user's sg set.
	Allow stand-alone ctime update in setattr, found by fstest (issue 37)
	Add --no-userdb option to allow fstest to use random uids (issue 37)
	Drop usercache on receipt of SIGHUP.
	Cleanup.

1.0-pre27:
        Updating from pre26:
        - Chkconfig diod on.  Service is now called 'diod' not 'diodctl'.
        - In diod.conf, rename 'diodctllisten' to 'listen' and use port 564.

	Now the changes:
	Serialize password/group lookups, log all errors, and use big buffers.
	Minimize password/group lookups by  briefly caching lookup results.
	Perform a late term abortion on diodctl.  Now we just start diod.
	Added diodcat utility and updated auto.diod to use it not diodctl
	Reworked the libnpclient library and used it to improve test coverage.
	Add better error handling for setfsuid/getfsuid.
	Fix a regression in 1.0-pre25 in the gid was never being reset.

1.0-pre26:
	Reopen logs after daemonization.

1.0-pre25:
	Fix the allsquash option and add 'squashuser' config option.
	Avoid unneded calls to setgroups/setfsuid/setfsgid.
	Improved logging for authentication and user handling.
	Cleanup.

1.0-pre24:
	Fix fid refcounting bug in remove handler (issue 29)
	Add more verbose logging in auth path (issue 28)
	Drop diod trans plugin and use fdtrans.
	Fix test suite deadlock	in Ubuntu 2.6.35 kernel.
	Drop -Werror from default CFLAGS
	Provide more sophisticated lua configure glue (issue 21)
	Fix double-free with diod -c and !HAVE_LUA_H
	Fix various memory issues.
	Drop upool module and integrate UNIX user handling into libnpfs.

1.0-pre23:
	Make -s,--stdin option explicit in diod and diodctl.
	Have diod listen by default on the well known 9pfs port 564.
	Don't require explicit confirmation if munge isn't found (issue 23)
	Terminate diod children when diodctl is terminated with SIGTERM.
	Reconfigure diod children when diodctl is reconfiged with SIGHUP.
	Implement orderly shutdown on SIGTERM in both servers and libnpfs.
	Don't error on missing config file if built without lua (issue 24).
	Remove vestiges of atomic IO extensions.
	Get rid of superfluous connect errors from diodctl as it starts diod.
	Fix some small memory leaks/problems.
	Remove diod -s,--stats IO stats option.
	Drop DEBUG_9P_ERRORS debug bit.	
	Prep libnpfs for extended attributes.
	Cleanup.
	
1.0-pre22:
	Fixed initialization problem in diodctl introduced in pre21.
	Properly handle msize negotiation.
	Improved cleanup during shutdown.

1.0-pre21: (do not use)
	Fix minor memory problems uncovered by valgrind.
	Improved test coverage.
	Cleanup.

1.0-pre20:
	Add 'allsquash' config option to remap all users to nobody.
	Improve portability to RHEL 5 (glibc-2.5) based systems.

1.0-pre19:
	Build liblsd with thread-safety enabled (issue #18).
	Allow /d/ROOT as alias for exported root fs (/).

1.0-pre18:
	Allow file systems to be exported read-only with new export format.
	Add 'exportall' diod.conf option to export everything in /proc/mounts.
	Add diod -E,--export-all and diodctl -E,--export-all options.

1.0-pre17:
	Fix (another) typo in diodexp output that broke automounter.
	Optimize np_gets () to avoid duplicate P9_READ calls.
	Fix bug inheriting -n and -c options from diodctl to diod.

1.0-pre16:
	Service diodctl reload works now (without killing diodctl).
	Make it possible to set syslog level in config file.
	Cleanup.	
	
1.0-pre15:
	Fix typo in diodexp output that broke automounter.

1.0-pre14:
	Chkconfig --add diodctl upon RPM installation.
	Fix 60s idle (disconnected) timeout on diod server spawned by diodctl.
	Config file renamed to /etc/diod.conf and install example (noreplace).
	Don't allow 'debuglevel', 'foreground', or 'diodpath' in config file.
	Set listen port with 'diodlisten' and 'diodctllisten' in config file.
	Allow diod to be run in the background again.
	diodexp: if hostlist, compute intersection of results.
	diodexp: allow 'foo-bar', 'foo.bar', and 'bar' as keys for /foo/bar.
	Misc. code cleanup and man page improvement.

1.0-pre13:
	Fix error handling in diod_sock_connect().
	Rework automounter integration.

1.0-pre12:
	Rework mount helper options.

1.0-pre11:
	Resync with upstream 9P2000.L and rhel6.  Require 9P2000.L (2.6.38+).
	Re-integrate MUNGE using proper 9p authentication.
	Integrate diodctl and autofs (new tool: diodexp for program maps).
	Dumb down diodmount and turn it into /sbin/mount.diod mount helper.
	Restructure test framework to use socketpair client-server setups.
	Get libnpclient working and use it for auth and diodctl.
	Temporarily drop aread/awrite support.

1.0-pre10:
	Revert gcc-4.4 changes which were incorrect.

1.0-pre9:
	Fix warnings that prevented compilation with gcc-4.4

1.0-pre8:
	Fix wstat bug that broke chgrp.

1.0-pre7:
        Fix -L parsing bug that prevented diodctl from starting diod when
        not in debug mode.
        Drop diodmount -U option.
        Improved fcntl/flock testing in 'make check'.

1.0-pre6:
	Add diod -s filename option to capture I/O stats.
	Log any I/O errors to syslog, other minor logging changes.
	Incremental improvements to test suite.
	Add -L <log-dest> option to diod and diodctl.	
	Fix bugs in diodctl init script and diodctl that broke restart.
	Set proctitle in diod instances to reflect usage.
	Add -j <jobid> to diodmount and support per-job server instances.
	Add -A <atomic-max> option to diod.

1.0-pre5:
        Diod is always started by diodctl.
        Simplify options on all commands.
        Fix some silly bugs.

1.0-pre4:
        Diodmount should always mount with debug=1 (show errors)
        Diodmount should drop datacheck option (it is implied now)
        Diodmount should  mount 9p2000.L not .H
        Add advisory locking implementation to diod.
        Fold 9p2000.H changes into 9p2000.L.

1.0-pre3:
        Add diodmount --verbose option, mount with -o datacheck.
        Drop readahead option

1.0-pre2:
        Fix some silly bugs in 1.0-pre1.
