These tests all run the same way:

- Makefile sets up environment and invokes test through ./runtest wrapper.
- ./runtest mounts ./exp.d on ./mnt.d (privately) and runs test script
- output goes to <test>.out
- diod log goes to <test>.diod
- <test>.out is compared wtih <test>.exp 

The tests are:
t00	Run bash interactively in 9p mounted directory (not run automatically)
t05	Simple mount/unmount sanity test for diod (default options).
t06	Simple mount/read/unmount sanity test for diod
t07	Simple mount/write/unmount sanity test for diod
t12	Create a file and check that file creation mode was honored
t13	Demonstrate that rename works across directories.
t14	Demonstrate that statfs returns correct data.
t15	Demonstrate that fsync does not return an error.
t16	Create files and compare their stat(2) results.
t17	Set all the mode bits (7777) on a file and directory on server
	and verify that they are reflected in client stat, then do the reverse.
t18	Simple test to check that BSD advisory file locks are properly
	arbitrated between two processes.
t19	Simple test to check that POSIX advisory record locks are properly
	arbitrated between two processes.
t22	Append to a file.  I added this test because I was momentarily
	freaked out by a pwrite at offset 0 during an append, but it turns
	out this is OK when the device is opened in append mode.
t23	Simple test to check that POSIX advisory record locks are handled
	as advertised within one process.
t24	Simple test to check that BSD advisory file locks are handled
	as advertised within one process.
t25	Verify that files are created with the users effective gid.
	Verify that files created in a setgid directory have the parent gid.
t26	Verify that chgrp works.
t27	Check that negative dentries are not cached.
t28	Rsync /etc into 9p and compare.
t29	Check that tcl file -delete works.
t30	Test allsquash option.
t31	Run fstest with server --no-userdb option (takes a couple minutes)
t32	Run dbench for one minute.
t33	Run postmark (takes about a minute)
t34	Run an svnadmin create, which uncovered a bug in fsync
t35	Trigger a tflush by aborting a streaming write.
t36	List a long directory that will be broken into multiple P9_READDIRs
t37	Run fsx.
t38	Run fsstress.
